Add issue templates (#2124)
esp-rs/esp-hal: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: ["bug", "status:needs-attention"]
assignees: ''

---

## Bug description

<!-- A clear and concise description of what the bug is. -->

> - Would you like to work on a fix? [y/n]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

In my experience this question is just noise and rarely gets answered yes

## To Reproduce

<!-- Steps to reproduce the behavior. -->
1. ...
2. ...

> <!-- Feel free to share the project where the bug can be reproduced. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Please share the minimal repro of the issue where the bug can be reproduced. -->
```

Let's be a little more assertive :D
